The key to answering this exercise is really recognizing that a
disconnect exist between business strategy and
operations strategy in the security organization.
The business wants to move more rapidly and they want to innovate quickly.
They also want to transition all of
their architecture to the Cloud in the next 18 months.
They want to be more agile and they want to improve business resiliency.
But for the security organization,
they're heavily invested in their current architecture.
They're invested in things like network security, all on-premise solutions.
As it relates to cloud security,
they're not as heavily invested there.
So you need to realize that
the security budget is going to change dramatically over the next couple of years.